1. 
	I was able to test my traceanal implementation with two created programs. One program was a simple program that contained no user input and rather, just had return statements, which shouldn't utilize system calls. The other program is one that asks a user to enter their name, captures keyboard actions, and then outputs the string that was entered by the user. Both programs behave in a relatively similar manner with respect to startup. In fact, they have the same beginning 10 lines of code in terms of system calls. They begin to differ after the first 10 lines... the program that has system calls begins to call many mmap system calls as opposed to the program that had no system calls. Both programs are extremely similar with respect to unique system calls but differ greatly when it comes down to total system calls. 

2. 
	For this portion of the assignment, I ran dostrace twice on the same program in order to analyze the signature proposal. The sequences for the program were identical with the exception of changes in addresses for some of the system calls. There is reason to believe that if different command line arguments are given, the system calls will not change at all. The sequence variation should not change just the way it did  not change in this simple scenario. Running this same scenario on my program that captures user input to test if timing alters sequence, and to no surprise the system call count, and the system call sequence appears to be identical as well.

3. 
	Separating the portion of code that is common to all commands and the portion that is different... what was immediately noticeable to me was the count of mmaps between different command line arguments. Despite all command line arguments having roughly the same system calls in a relatively different order, it is apparent that each command has a starting section of code that sets the stage for the next commands before they get into a preread stage, followed by mmaps, close, in some cases an open, mprotects, and then reads before it closes. Among the different commands that I ran for this section, what seemed to be the most drastic of a change was the end of the slog file. The middle portion seems relatively common with a difference in amount of calls, and memory locations mainly. The biggest difference seems to be toward the end of the slog files.  